nombre: Cristo Rubén
apellidos: Pérez Suárez
isla: Gran Canaria
sistemaoperativo: Windows
dni: /files/001_Vowels.txt
certificado: /files/002_Diphthongs.txt

nombre: Cristo Rubén
apellidos: Pérez Suárez
isla: Gran Canaria
sistemaoperativo: Windows
dni: /files/001_Vowels.txt
certificado: /files/002_Diphthongs.txt

nombre: Cristo Rubén
apellidos: Pérez Suárez
isla: Gran Canaria
sistemaoperativo: Windows
dni: /files/001_Vowels.txt
certificado: /files/002_Diphthongs.txt

nombre: Cristo Rubén
apellidos: Pérez Suárez
isla: Gran Canaria
sistemaoperativo: Windows
dni: /files/001_Vowels.txt
certificado: /files/002_Diphthongs.txt

nombre: Cristo Rubén
apellidos: Pérez Suárez
isla: Gran Canaria
sistemaoperativo: Windows
dni: /files/001_Vowels.txt
certificado: /files/002_Diphthongs.txt

nombre: Cristo Rubén
apellidos: Pérez Suárez
isla: Gran Canaria
sistemaoperativo: Windows
dni: /files/001_Vowels.txt
certificado: /files/002_Diphthongs.txt

nombre: Cristo Rubén
apellidos: Pérez Suárez
isla: Gran Canaria
sistemaoperativo: Windows
dni: /files/001_Vowels.txt
certificado: /files/002_Diphthongs.txt

